Orchestration landing page doc update for launch (#1235)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/orchestration/index.md

# What is Agoric Orchestration?

> Agoric’s Orchestration capability allows developers to easily build cross-chain capabilities into existing applications or to create novel cross-chain-focused products.

Reviewer: "capability" does not sound right twice in a sentence. WDYT

The Agoric Orchestration API sits on top of Agoric’s novel VM that provides three key elements that make multichain applications possible:

> - **Remote account control and transfer**: Use the Orchestration APIs to easily create accounts on remote chains, transfer assets, and invoke contracts. Your Agoric contract orchestrates all behavior directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Remote account control and transfer**: Use the Orchestration API to easily create accounts on remote chains, transfer assets, and invoke contracts. Your Agoric contract orchestrates all behavior directly.
```

Author: thoughts here, I think we are speaking about the singular use of API here, the orchestration api as a single concept, not the individual apis

> - **Multiblock execution with async & await**: Agoric applications communicate asynchronously and await responses which may come in the same block or many blocks (or weeks!) later. Contracts simply continue executing when the response arrives.

Reviewer: perhaps use ticks for `async` and `await` - also maybe use "and" instead of &.

> - **Multiblock execution with async & await**: Agoric applications communicate asynchronously and await responses which may come in the same block or many blocks (or weeks!) later. Contracts simply continue executing when the response arrives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multiblock execution with `async` and `await`**: Agoric applications communicate asynchronously and `await` responses which may resolve in the same block or many blocks (or weeks!) later. Your contract simply continues executing when the response arrives.
```

> - **On-chain Timers**: Contracts can set timers for regular execution which makes executing common activities like subscriptions easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **On-chain Timers**: Contracts can set timers for regular execution which makes scheduling execution of common activities like subscriptions easy.
```

> Agoric’s Orchestration APIs simplify controlling remote chains, moving assets, and using capabilities on any chain the API reaches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agoric’s Orchestration API simplifies controlling remote chains, moving assets, and using capabilities on any chain the API reaches.
```

> Agoric’s Orchestration API simplifies controlling remote chains, moving assets, and using capabilities on any chain the API reaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agoric’s Orchestration API simplifies controlling accounts on remote chains, moving assets, and using capabilities on any chain the API reaches.
```

> Agoric’s Orchestration API simplifies controlling remote chains, moving assets, and using capabilities on any chain the API reaches.

Reviewer: **any chain the API reaches** sounds very informal - it's fine if marketing is onboard with it.
